Vancouver
HB
that of plants
is not to be underestimated
they can carry whole buildings
To do this, they have to grow and be shaped in a controlled manner
that's the approach of Powerboat a
The German architect earning cloud-ready was there from the start
Since 2005, a team of architects in the South German city explores
Stuttgart the conditions
under which plants can become carriers of architecture
They have called the research direction to Mohammed Harnik
the construction companies Croydon where Barnett waived software cell
an architectural enrichment is allowed on it
the federal court red materials like steel or concrete
never given
that can be
and of course it's the very good quality these trees have
because the nation is experimenting forever
his first projects are located south of Stuttgart to the Swiss border
his promoter Michell plays Ford concept of overgrown wide
Trees carried
the faction becomes more and more stable over time
are planned to carry the walk-in areas without help if the conditions
vote
the big challenges for the 30th
That one when constructed with plants and trees both at the
Construction as well as to the needs of the plants must lower
So you have the light, for example, you have something special
provide and can not just as in wood construction purely according to
constructive aspects of the orderly design aspects
also design his first run Botanical wise doesnt deserve
planned here
he has now transferred the experience from this project into the big one
south of Stuttgart is currently the largest construction industry leaves
Dr. Kathan Kubus of Nagold
ten meters high
100 square meters of floor space
That will take about 20 years to remove the steel straps
last
until the presentation at the Landesgartenschau 2012
should the little stars already be fused
it is the beginning of the project
it is planned that visitors walk in the middle of a lively building
I would normally have to be surprised if I contract this for example
cute parks will be quite nicely designed but that the most beautiful spaces he
actually
this one when looking at the trunk and son from the steadily up there are for
me the treetops and the Nahrstedt had not opened up until today
the Austrian can search
an example are the sketches of the German landscape architect Artur
Wichniarek from the 1920s but the implementation fails
a successful accusation
the so-called dance
they were already widespread in Europe in the Middle Ages
a pavilion with a tree carried by the real ones of a linden tree
Meeting place for the village community
The connection between nature and architecture is a topic for many builders
from the elaborate facade greening
same as living in your own tree house not more nature in the urban environment
asked
Berlin apn the span together with the architect Daniel Schüler
an essential aspect of new concepts
Obotan's works are to become the green center of nine city districts
the other aspect is around Dr
and who private aspect
that some of our urban development can think about the revolts
Structures the Bauwut Amische structures in such a way to coordinate that
possibly an apartment extension or extension of a studio
or an office
and the construction participate is possible and then comes not this topic of the
Living in the treetop or working in the treetop reversed
Also on the tables, of course, has something very atmospheric
but also quite pragmatic reasons speak for building with plants
and put them in the future also Siemens wants to become ever hotter prohibited
unpleasant topic developed
if you go in such a building that has its own
Economic forecast otherwise creates an incredibly pleasant atmosphere
otherwise you might agree with Wall Street as another advantage
lies in the building
In winter they leave room for more light and in the summer they greet
in the middle of the city